fix(curriculum): swap test order (#55956)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/build-a-cash-register-project/build-a-cash-register.md

);
```

> When `price` is less than the value in the `#cash` element, total cash in drawer `cid` is less than the change due, and the `#purchase-btn` element is clicked, the value in the `#change-due` element should be `"Status: INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `price` is less than the value in the `#cash` element and the total cash in the drawer (`cid`) is insufficient to cover the change due, the purchase should not proceed. When the `#purchase-btn` is clicked under these conditions, the `#change-due` element should display `"Status: INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS"`.
```

);
```

> When `price` is less than the value in the `#cash` element, total cash in drawer `cid` is greater than change due, individual denomination amounts make impossible to return needed change, and the `#purchase-btn` element is clicked, the value in the `#change-due` element should be `"Status: INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When `price` is less than the value in the `#cash` element, total cash in drawer `cid` is greater than change due, but the individual denomination amounts make impossible to return needed change, when the `#purchase-btn` element is clicked, the value in the `#change-due` element should be `"Status: INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS"`
```

I think this reads a little less confusing.
